0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?

    Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is an invented long word said to mean a lung disease caused
    by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust. The word was invented in the 1930s in imitation of very long medical terms.

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?

    getrusage() returns resource usage measures, which can be one of the following: RUSAGE_SELF, RUSAGE_CHILDREN, or RUSAGE_THREAD.
    
2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?

    There are 16 members in a variable of type struct rusage.

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate,
    even though we’re not changing their contents?
    
    We want to pass before and after by reference because we do not want to create copies of the struct rusage which would
    significantly affect the performance of the program.
    
4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file.
    In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
    
    speller.c reads words from a file by using a for loop. The loop reads each character sequentially until the end of the file.
    If the character is a letter or an apostrophe it is appended to the word array. The for loop ignores numbers and words longer
    than 45 characters. Once we have found a whole word the loop checks the spelling and prints it if it is misspelled.
    
5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format
    string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    
    We use fgetc to read each character at a time because we can then filter out characters that we don't want more easily,
    such as numbers and special characters.
    
6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?

    We declare check and load as constants because the words we want to check and the dictionary we load are not changed by
    the program. They are just files that are read.
